+++
title = "Tons of Rock 2025"
description = ""
date = "2025-06-28"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["norway", "oslo", "festival", "music"]
+++

It is almost a save tradition that my friends Daniel and Jonathan travel from Switzerland to join the Tons of Rock festival with Jo and me. A very important part is the socializing, grilling, cooking and making cocktails at home before we go up to the festival. 

## Band highlights

**Avenged Sevenfold** was headliner on Saturday and because of that the last band playing at the festival. For me, this was the best concert and show at Tons of Rock this year. Great song selection and incredible tasty and fashioned video illustration combining in the crowd. 

**Dream Theater** delivered a great concert. It was nice too see Portnoy back in the band. Mangini was a great drummer, but Portnoy gives the band more energy and fun. 

**Steel Panter** is maybe not my favorite band, but the concert was fun and entertaining.

**Myles Kennedy** is one of my favorite singers. Miles was enjoying to play at Tons of Rock. The audience was not so awake, but a solid performance from Miles.

Great headliner on the first day was **Muse**. They delivered a powerful concert. 

**Megadeth** played ok. Dave Mustane was grumpy and was not pleased with the techs.

## The good

- People at the festival are happy and in a good mood. No fighting, no violence, just peace and happiness. 
- Good variety of food and drinks.
- The festival is very clean. There is much less waste or littering at Tons of Rock than other festival I have been.

## The bad

- The steep price for the tickets. Early bird for next is already over 4'000 kr.
- Some days it feels overcrowded. Especially Thursday it was impossible to reach the toilets. The good thing is, that the organizer fixed this problem with the toilets on friday.
- Toilet disaster: Although the organizer fixed the toilet issue for the normal toilets, the normal toilets on Thursday, I was struggling a lot to get to the toilet. This year all the normal toilets were only reachable by stairs. That means, that I only could use the handicap toilets and there are way too few of them. People with a handicap need more time to do their business. At the main wheelchair, Scream Stage, should be at least 3 handicap toilets. I gave feedback about that, but sadly nothing has improved there.
- The placement of the wheelchair ramp (stage) is completelly on the side. Of course the VIP get the best view. You are not able to see the stage properly and the sound is awful bad, especially when it is a bit windy. I remember the year, when Kiss played, the wheelchair stage was close to the sound guys and that was a perfect placement.

I like Tons of Rock very much and it was always a highlight every year in summertime. But considering the prize, the lack of accessibility of toiletts and the wheelchair stage placement, I am not sure, if I am going to buy tickets for next year. 
